Yesterday
A major industrial accident has occurred in this city
Wanfeng Construction site collapsed
All 13 workers were killed
I pay everything I pay
I don't have it now.
But that doesn't mean I won't have it in the future
My king tiger speaks with absolute caution
Tiger Lord Tiger Lord
I did the math.
Look at your yintang turning black
Seven Kills
Especially the earth devil
Don't pass the construction site tonight
To avoid disaster
What's the matter boy
Curse me, don't believe it
You can buy the French team with me
That way, even if something goes wrong, there is money to pay
No go
This broken color wheel makes so much money
I've never seen so much money in my life
This money will buy 10 suites, right?
Tiger, we are really here to sell lottery tickets
2 million all France
Little brother, do you really want to buy France?
Have you considered it?
Buy France without thinking about it
Don't make trouble if you lose.
You follow me to buy
Make money tonight
Tiger Lord, I think you are actually quite good
Think about it.
Give me 200,000 France win